My Life so Far

To start, I am a 19 year old college student who is now between their first and second year of college. 
I enjoy building computers, scuba diving, and of course, writing code. I have had almost 10 different 
saint bernard dogs at different times growing up, so pets have also been a big part of my life growing up. 
I have grown up in the same small town in Illinois for most of my life, but now go to college at Iowa 
State University. I am a huge fan of the larger college as it has helped me meet a lot of new people and 
gain new opportunities.


My Time at College

Currently, I am working on getting a bachelors degree in Computer Engineering at Iowa State University. 
I decided on this major spur of the moment last Summer around July. I was planning on doing Electrical 
Engineering, which is pretty similar, but I decided I wanted to focus on coding a little more. After 
finishing my first year of college, I can say I am very happy to have made this choice. I mainly have an 
interest in coding related to hardware topics, but many different software areas have piqued my interest 
lately. I plan on trying out a bunch of different areas to find out what I like the most, to try and help 
me find what kind of job I want after college. Right now, I am very interested in pursuing embedded 
systems.


Clubs at College

One of the biggest groups I got involved in last year during college was the Iowa State marching band. 
Last year, I was a part of Storm, the junior varsity group in our marching band. This meant that I got 
the chance to play during football, soccer, and wrestling events at our school. This led to me being 
able to meet tons of new people and get adjusted to college faster than I expected. I also joined a club, 
Critical Tinkers, which helps fund and support peoples coding projects throughout the school year. This 
club has helped to enable me to do all sorts of things without having to worry about the cost and 
expenses of parts, since they cover those fees.